could I rely on the most as later? Who is my core team. But, um, one relied
on my to be that my right Captain XO, or when I was assistant
or combat systems officer or division officer level. Lie on the cheap.
A officers of my division or leading senior had the officer for the
master Chief Command. Those are our people directly lie upon. But
also my fellow officers No. And certainly the department head reported
change things. One officer I would call a putz always be in touch
with friends with It's a supply officer supply awesome. A Fiji. He
gets the parts that you need to do your mission They Kashyap and answer
Kasia. Well, this by officers signing off on that message. So I
always, you know, supply also pretty world. My tool.